1449 improve examples (#1661)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/map/buyers_suppliers.md

### Example: Consortia suppliers

Siemens and Microsoft bid as a consortium for a contract.

The contract is awarded to the consortium; however, the legal entity for the consortium is not created until after the contract award.

> Both Siemens and Microsoft are listed as suppliers on the contract award in OCDS, with `id`s constructed according to [`Organization.id`](../../schema/identifiers.md#organization-identifiers):

Reviewer: This clause seems to distract from the point of the example, so I suggest removing.

```suggestion
Both Siemens and Microsoft are listed as suppliers on the contract award:
```

> ```{field-description} ../../../build/current_lang/release-schema.json /definitions/Organization/properties/id
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The contract is awarded to the consortium; however, the legal entity for the consortium is not created until after the contract award.

> Both Siemens and Microsoft are listed as suppliers on the contract award in OCDS, with the respective ids for each organization that match their id in the `Parties` array:

Reviewer 2: Whilst the proposed change is more correct in terms of describing the data, I think the intent of the second clause in the original sentence was to highlight that Microsoft and Siemens are separate legal entities so I suggest instead linking to the description of `Organization.id` which explains how that field relates to organisation identifiers.
 
```suggestion
Both Siemens and Microsoft are listed as suppliers on the contract award in OCDS, with `id`s constructed according to [`Organization.id`](../../schema/reference.md#release-schema.json,/definitions/Organization,id).
```

Author: this caused a break, 

> "/home/jen/standard/docs/guidance/map/buyers_suppliers.md:45: WARNING: 'myst' reference target not found: ../../schema/reference.md#release-schema.json,/definitions/Organization,id" 

and I wasn't totally sure what you were trying to link to so I've updated it to link to https://standard.open-contracting.org/1.1/en/schema/identifiers/#organization-ids
